How to cite a dataset? (#216)
geonetwork/doc: source/user-guide/associating-resources/cite.rst

.. _cite:

Cite a resource
###############

The catalogue can provide an automatic citation based on information provided in the metadata record.

.. figure:: img/citation.png

The citation can be use to cite a dataset in publications.

Citation text
-------------

The citation generated by default follows general conventions on how to cite a dataset but can be customized.

The default is:
* list of authors (and organisation)
* publication year
* title
* list of publisher
* DOI URL or landing page URL.

> Those information are the one required to create DOI (see :ref:`doi`).

Reviewer: Not sure if would be better:

> These are the data needed to create DOI

> Those information are the one required to create DOI (see :ref:`doi`).

Author: ```suggestion
These are the data needed to create DOI (see :ref:`doi`).
```

Customization of the citation can be done in :code:`schemas/iso19115-3.2018/src/main/plugin/iso19115-3.2018/formatter/citation/common.xsl`.

An additional text may be stored in an online resource description with protocol ``WWW:LINK-1.0-http--publication-URL``.

.. figure:: img/citation-with-addition.png

> Example: https://sextant.ifremer.fr/Donnees/Catalogue#/metadata/3f8eaace-9f9b-4b1b-a7a4-9c55270e205a

Reviewer: I would remove the example URL, as it can change or can be not available in the future.

Author: Those records have DOI so they are supposed to continue to exist ;) Maybe I can replace the link by the DOI https://doi.org/10.12770/ad07a55f-5de7-4abc-ba89-8899b16c4b59

Putting example of real catalogues in the doc is a good way to illustrate what can be done with GeoNetwork and closer link to end users I think - Maybe we can better check links we put in the doc but I would not remove them.
